============ 2/19/26 - General story idea - Leann ============
The player plays as a hunter, choosing a weapon in the beginning of the game. The weapon could affect the difficulty (knife for close combat vs gun but having to aim type situation) or the type of prey (similar to how serial killers have types or the idea that cannibals enjoy certain people) or even the amount of energy acquired per hunt (rabbits would be less than deer, etc, alluding to children vs adults blah blah blah).
The time period is still unknown - modern enough to include indoor heating (relevant later on), refrigeration, and detectives/sheriff's departments. We could include cell phones to add to the derealization aspect, but we could also keep it simple and stick to before cell phones.
There are 2 main things to watch out for while playing: a health bar and an energy bar. Health is determined by work (similar to stardew valley - when you hunt it uses health, and you need to sleep at the end of the day). Energy is determined by food consumption, and so the player must go hunting or eat any stored food (in a fridge - also relevant for smell purposes - rotting corpses?). ALSO, we could simplify it to just an energy bar, as that is the main kind of purpose of the game.
For a more advanced approach, we can include actual hunting, but that might be pushing it. This could just be a point and click thing where animals are hiding and the player must gather food.
The days pass by as normal in the beginning of the game, but after a couple of days, the hunter finds a shoe or a sign of life in the woods where they hunt (inspect?). Then, missing posters, etc. Even if the player stores food in the fridge, there starts to be a smell and flies and whatever. Little details like how the meat looks different could also be incorporated here.
The detective is a side character investigating the missing persons cases. Finds only bones and skin, all organs and meat ripped away (can allude to the hunting belief that nothing really should go to waste).
Slowly, the hunter starts to develop symptoms of kuru: starts out with abulatory phase and uncontrolled muscle movements, shivering and cold (where the thermostat comes into play - player could try to raise the heat but it doesn't help much), improper balance (affects hunting), etc. Then, progresses to sedentary phase, where balance is severely impacted and uncontrolled eye movements (wrong aim?).
The terminal stage involves the hunter passing out in the woods and the detective finding them. They are brought to a hospital in chains, and signs of dementia and derealization occur during interrogation. The hunter could possibly become aware at this point.
Eventually, the hunter dies in a prison cell. This COULD be the end, or if we are going cult classic, some human, entity or demonic creature breaks in and steals the body. Final scene could be digging in to serve others the infected flesh. Kind of leaves the story without too much context. I feel that simple might be better, could allow the player to develop their own thoughts and ideas.
